We are already working on the cover of the
trunk of a bolus
with the machine is on horseback
two
this time to return to the sheet towards
in making suckers with this part
of the tool
when we passed to regulate the
intensity is done directly on the
push button that reaches the tip of the handle
and once she has spent the plate
inside we can further develop
the parts you have to develop
the simple routes of a pink rod
and you can sharpen it as you go
has worn out there is no kind of
consumables or anything
they can also get as a spare
on the one hand it has a threaded edge and
the other side has a
a copper rod to make the
sucker
how can you see how easy it is and
also practical
you do not need any kind of
tool more only with this one
depending on the use of the sheet and the
strength you need to develop the
part that is working can go
regulating therefrom the same handle
of the machine and go regulating the
intensity for
to get more or less more or less sheet
obviously it takes a little time
take it in your hand
I will take the hand to the machine for good
to be able to handle and get the best
results
but neither is it impossible
obviously the advantage of then
and obviously it's not for everything all
the buns but the vast majority the bag
you can work with this and the
ease is that it is not necessary to disarm
the interior upholstery of the car
disarm interiors
nerves of the cars to be able
and good to be able to iron the sheet and
to undo the bun that has the car
so that they have an idea more or less a
work
this car had a blow that good now
the advanced video is already but this one
state had a blow on the part
back on the lid
and well this more or less an hour ago and
mean that what we end up with is
working and you can see results in
another video let's see the evolution
from a bag from the beginning to
until the end more or less how long
we are here to finish this work
half an hour half hour or let's go to
finish with this piece so that you
have an idea of the
of speed
with which allows us to work this is
a designed way
very simple practice without anything of
complications has the handle
it's a team that simply
or less
has the ignition tab the cable
feeding
a small samper fuse and then the
cable outlet that good to spend a
little twisted but I hope you
can appreciate in the video and they are ready
a cable length of 3 meters a
Dough clip is very important to the
mass that is
the closer you are to the area that
we are working better is going to be the
better result goes better or it will stick and
easier we can get to work the
dough clamp that they also have
terminals in some cases does more
practical remove the clamp from dough and
locate the terminal screw a part
of the bodywork when work does not
It allows
or one with practice when one goes
taking practice you know how much
of intensity you have to give to the
that stick the handle and how can
also appreciate something a little
detail that this part of the handle we
it serves to leverage and
can you take out
makes less effort to remove the sheet
outside
i
we are going to have seen that they do not have
no type of consumables simply
the rod that is being smoothed the putting
adapting to the rod as they
working with a flat file or the one
want with a grinder with a disk of
I'm going to give shape to the
point itself is when it goes
working
Carrying account when necessary
retouch the tip you can
have seen that in these 5 minutes of
video will we have
retouched the tip twice but
is very practical and you can
see that we are back to work without
no type of inconvenience
well I hope this video has them
clarified enough doubts and that good
any curve you have, do not hesitate
ask how good we will try
answer everything you need
for later